before we start I use a high speed
blender that will emulsify whole fruits
and vegetables together and a juicer to
make my green smoothie these are the
ingredients I use I will be putting them
down in the description box as well so
check that out I usually drink that on
mountain 8 from these ingredients as one
meal but you can definitely get two to
four servings out of this it's also best
to drink the green smoothie within 48
hours for the greatest nutritional value
also split the ingredients in half when
time to blend them all together but
first I juice my oranges there will be
excess orange juice left over you can
add this amount to the green smoothie if
it's not sweet enough for you or if you
just want it to be more condensed now
that I'm ready to blend as mentioned
before I have each ingredient for better
consistency and because all of the
ingredients simply won't fit into the
blender at one time also I spoon in
pieces of banana to avoid chunks in my
green smoothie it is optional optional
to add water I add about a cup and now
I'm ready to blend so that pretty much
concludes the first batch sometimes I'll
stir while blending and afterwards to
make sure that everything is liquefied
and that there aren't any chunks and
I'll blend for about a minute I don't
blend too long and you'll pretty much
basically repeat the same steps in the
second batch sometimes I'll add apple
cider vinegar to my green smoothie this
completely optional afterwards I pour my
green smoothie into a clean 64 ounce
plastic drinking container most of the
time I need more than one container but
it is best to use the glass straw I was
just too lazy to pour my green smoothie
in mines and be sure to refrigerate your
green smoothie if you're not drinking it
but you also have the option to use
mason jar I hope you like and enjoy